hello guys this is matt from some
strings and today i am here to talk to
you about the review of the maverick
optic so i've been using this head
because it's basically my offseason
right now because i just finished summer
ball and i'm in conditioning and we
don't really play too much lacrosse had
the opportunity to try this puppy out
this thing um duh stirring up very well
very easily they say a mid pocket or mid
little pocket so it really is kind of a
midlo pocket it's a it's it's they're
really really nicely for one-handed
cradling and everything you can just pop
pull that in the pocket and it sits
there um the hold on this thing is
really nice and it is not illegal I'll
just give you another channel shot if
you weren't watching or you just want
another one so the channel is right
there and for the past four or five
sticks i've been using i've been using
to straighten the nylon but this one I
said you know what i'm gonna throws i'll
be in there and I I went back to what I
used before that on my surgeon which you
guys may remember if you've been
following me back then it had the exact
same setup but up top it had two nylons
one right here and another one right
there so well this thing is very very
consistent the thing I do like about
that you use is if you've been falling
throne I saw their videos like you know
what screwed up but you use my stick and
I changed it from two streets and I fell
in love I change a pattern a little bit
so it fit the needs of a three and a
five point you the best possible but um
what I love about the three in the
five-point you is if you don't the best
ringer even if you don't have the
perfect channel if you do have the
shooter set up it will for the most part
ride right off those shooters um I'm not
getting say it definitely will because
if you don't know how to string a stick
and the pocket you know doesn't really
uh I guess perform correctly then that's
just your fault n
or the person you stirring for you so
the hold on this is very very nice just
drop the ball in it's not illegal I
don't know if you can see it's kind of
awkward but it's not oh I have to show
you the chef because it makes a little
bit more convincing so I got to eat this
angled correctly so it falls out almost
basically right before it's almost
vertical hold and it is not too deep so
I do love this thing it goes and it
releases perfectly and it's just snaps
off that that top nylon right off the
smooth release of the three to five
point you this is not a this is the high
school spec so going into the head since
this is a maverick optic review um the
throat is uh not to pinch for a high
school spec which I'm actually very
surprised about I probably would have
rather because i don't like pinching
heads because i feel it screws the head
up it makes it much more week because
i'm not the best at it because i don't
like pinching heads i do d pensions if i
have to though right here I wish they'd
just push this in maybe a quarter inch
on each side just give it a little bit
more Flair that would have helped me
because I like the long narrow heads
I've been using a CEO for a while so I
got used to that the head itself is only
4.5 ounces I think that's for the
Maverick optic you though because they
use always letter some odd reason same
thing with ass telling you 500 um I
think was like five percent later or
something else tell you if I wondered
compared to stallion but this I think
this is four point seven ounces or
something like that are four point nine
so it is not as light and with the
string it is 5.3 because either the
scale or right behind me so it's 44.9
else's unstrung it is very very very
stiff and some people do not prefer that
some
x if it does hit a little bit of the
side of the plastic it might not go in
the stick probably will but it's a white
head enough so if not a catch you should
be able to catch the ball but some
people don't know like the stiff heads
they like it when it's really nice and I
guess week in my opinion I was shooting
with this thing it doesn't pull back
that much as some people did say it
would I do like how the side wall
pattern it does it looks awkward because
it pulls down at the very last second so
it gives you just that mid pocket so if
you like high pockets or low pockets you
or no pocket you'll be fine hi pocket
don't go any higher in my opinion then
this right here some people like it all
the way up here and I think that that is
just dumb can one handle regular
anything and it just makes your game I
guess not as good even though you say oh
I can shoot better if you notice string
a mid pocket correctly you should be
fine and you can still get enough whip
and the put the snap and the push on a
mid pocket as a high pocket so high
pocket my opinion is completely useless
amid high is good because it gives you a
lot of vertical old automatically if you
string it correctly um so under the head
itself it has a cool little us a little
logo back there it's a all this is made
in America the plastic for this is a
very very good plastic six sidewall are
six top string holes um they're placed
pretty well I like they did a lot of
work in this head and the technology is
outstanding right here you can see it's
the high school spec and then there's
the logo which is probably my favorite
Lego on or cross head and you can get I
like this the metric they both looked
really really nice so this is the photo
civil mesh
I will not be giving away pattern for
this I'm sorry but um if you like this
video please comment rate like and
please subscribe if you have not already
and thanks for watching and have a great
thing